feat(policy): require human-written comments on github and zulip (#828)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: data/community.md

This is not a free code review service. Posts that amount to 'look at my project' without a specific question or prior community involvement will be removed and the poster suspended.

> Please use your own words when commenting on github or zulip. Don't worry if English is not your native language: this is true for most users; as long as you can be understood, you will be fine. Building community involves human connection; using an LLM to write for you removes this human element. Messages and comments that appear LLM-generated will be deleted, and can lead to suspension.

Reviewer: How about "Please do not use an LLM when writing comments on github or Zulip" -- I would not want to rule out people using things like google translate?

Author: I like this phrasing - yet I'm not sure where the difference lies. (But it nicely addresses the other outstanding point from the thread!)

Author: ```suggestion
Please do not use an LLM when writing comments on github or Zulip. Don't worry if English is not your native language: this is true for most users; as long as you can be understood, you will be fine. Building community involves human connection; using an LLM to write for you removes this human element. Messages and comments that appear LLM-generated will be deleted, and can lead to suspension.
```
